publications.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications 🌶️
permalink: /publications/
---

- **C.M. Pierard**, F. Meirer, E. van Seville. <ins>Identifying the origins of nanoplastics in the abyssal South Atlantic using backtracking Lagrangian simulations with fragmentation.</ins> Ocean and Coastal Research (2024). [DOI: 10.1590/2675-2824072.24008.](https://doi.org/10.1590/2675-2824072.24008)

- **C.M. Pierard**, D. Bassotto, F. Meirer and E. van Sebille. <ins>Attribution of plastic sources using Bayesian inference: application to river-sourced floating plastic in the South Atlantic Ocean.</ins> Frontiers of Marine Science (2022). [DOI: 10.3389/fmars.2022.925437.](https://doi.org/10.3389/fmars.2022.925437)

### In-Review

- **C.M. Pierard**, S. Rühs, L. Gómez-Navarro, M.C. Denes, F. Meirer, T. Pendeuff, E. van Seville. <ins>Quantifying Variability in Lagrangian particle dispersal in ocean ensemble simulations: an information theory approach.</ins> Nonlinear Processes in Geophysics. [DOI: 10.5194/egusphere-2024-3847.](https://doi.org/10.5194/egusphere-2024-3847)

Commit message:

Add dissertations and LES plumes animation, and moguls pictures.

publications.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications 🌶️
permalink: /publications/
---

### Peer-review

- **C.M. Pierard**, F. Meirer, E. van Seville. <ins>Identifying the origins of nanoplastics in the abyssal South Atlantic using backtracking Lagrangian simulations with fragmentation.</ins> Ocean and Coastal Research (2024). [DOI: 10.1590/2675-2824072.24008 (Open access).](https://doi.org/10.1590/2675-2824072.24008)

- **C.M. Pierard**, D. Bassotto, F. Meirer and E. van Sebille. <ins>Attribution of plastic sources using Bayesian inference: application to river-sourced floating plastic in the South Atlantic Ocean.</ins> Frontiers of Marine Science (2022). [DOI: 10.3389/fmars.2022.925437 (Open access).](https://doi.org/10.3389/fmars.2022.925437)

### In-review

- **C.M. Pierard**, S. Rühs, L. Gómez-Navarro, M.C. Denes, F. Meirer, T. Pendeuff, E. van Seville. <ins>Quantifying Variability in Lagrangian particle dispersal in ocean ensemble simulations: an information theory approach.</ins> Nonlinear Processes in Geophysics. [DOI: 10.5194/egusphere-2024-3847 (Preprint).](https://doi.org/10.5194/egusphere-2024-3847)


### Thesis and Dissertations

- **Master 2 dissertation**: Title: <ins>Abyssal turbulence in the vicinity of Lucky Strike.</ins>
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.14738763.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14738763)



- **Master 1 dissertation**: Title: <ins>Measurements of turbulence in katabatic winds over a steep slope.</ins> [![DOI.](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.14733148.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14733148)



- **Tesis de licenciatura (undergraduate dissertation)**: Título: <ins>Coeficiente de ventilación en el valle de México: resultados numéricos y observaciones.</ins> [Link TESIUNAM.](http://132.248.9.195/ptd2018/junio/0775192/Index.html)
